Pasta Salad;Boil pasta until tender, 6 to 10 minutes. Rinse well under cold water. Make the dressing. Whisk the ingredients until blended. Add the drained and rinsed pasta to the dressing and mix well.Stir in vegetables afterwards.;noodles;olives;yoghurt;garlic
Lasagna;In a large pan, heat the olive oil over a low heat. Fry the onion, carrot, celery and garlic for 5 mins, or until softened. Add the mince and fry until golden. Stir in the tomato. .Meanwhile, make the white sauce.Preheat the oven to gas 6, 200°C, fan 180°C. Top with the Parmesan and mozzarella then bake in the oven for 40-45 mins.;beef;pasta;tomato
Hearty Pancakes;In a large bowl, mix flour, sugar, baking powder and salt. Make a well in the centre and pour in milk, egg and oil. Mix until smooth.Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 60ml for each pancake. Brown on both sides and serve hot.;milk;eggs;flour
Spaghetti;Bring a large pan of lightly salted water to the boil. Tip in the pasta and cook for 10–12 minutes, or according to the packet instructions, until al dente. Meanwhile, scald the tomatoes in a bowl of boiling water for 30 seconds, drain and refresh under cold running water, then peel off the skins. Deseed and roughly chop the flesh.Mix the tomatoes with the diced pepper, garlic, olive oil, chillies, if liked, parsley and seasoning in a saucepan. Warm this sauce over a low heat.Drain the pasta, tip into a heated serving dish and season with pepper. Pour over the warm sauce, toss with the pasta and serve at once.;noodles;tomato;cheese
Pizza;Place dough.Top with tomato sauce, and whatever ingredient you might have. Place in oven for 30min on 200C. Put cheese on top and back in oven for ten more minutes.;dough;cheese;tomato
Stir-Fry;Heat a wok on a high heat and add the sunflower oil. Add the spring onions, garlic, ginger and stir-fry for 1 minute, then reduce the heat. Do not overcrowd the wok and keep the ingredients moving.;chicken;rice
Meatballs;Mix together the first 7 ingredients and season well. scoop out tablespoons and roll each into a ball. Heat 2-3 tbsp oil in a frying pan and fry the meatballs in batches for about 10 minutes, shaking the pan to brown them on all sides.;beef;onion;eggs
Fried Rice;Heat a wok until hot, then add the oil. When it is hot, add the spring onions and red pepper and stir-fry for 1–2 minutes, or until just softened. Stir in the garlic and add the broccoli with 4 tablespoons of water, then bring to the boil and simmer for 2 minutes, or until the broccoli is just tender and the water has nearly evaporated.Add the rice and stir fry for 2–3 minutes, or until hot through. Stir in the peas and cook for 1 minute.Beat the eggs and soy sauce together using a fork. Add the egg mixture to the rice and stir-fry for 2–3 minutes, or until the eggs have just set. Stir in the sesame seeds, season with salt and pepper and serve immediately.;chicken;eggs;rice
Sausage & Beans;Heat the oil in a large, lidded nonstick frying pan or flameproof casserole dish over a medium-high heat. Add the sausages and cook for 5 mins, turning frequently, until browned all over. Remove from the pan and set aside on a plate.Add the onion, celery, carrot and garlic to the pan. Cook over a medium-high heat for 10 mins until softened and lightly golden. Return the sausages to the pan along with the tinned tomatoes, stock and smoked paprika. Season lightly and stir. Bring to the boil, then reduce to a simmer for 20 mins until the sauce has thickened slightly.;sausage;beans
Cashew Chicken with Noodles;Cook rice noodles according to package directions.Meanwhile, in a small bowl, combine the soy sauce, cornstarch and garlic. Add chicken. In a large cast-iron or other heavy skillet, saute chicken mixture in peanut and sesame oils until no longer pink.Add onions. cook 1 minute longer.Drain noodles, stir into skillet. Add cashews and chili sauce and heat through.;noodles;chicken;nuts
French Toast;Beat egg, vanilla and cinnamon in shallow dish. Stir in milk.Dip bread in egg mixture, turning to coat both sides evenly.Cook bread slices on lightly greased nonstick griddle or skillet on medium heat until browned on both sides.;eggs;toast
Cheddar Eggs & Potatoes;Preheat oven to 400°. In a 10-in. cast-iron or other ovenproof skillet, heat butter over medium-high heat. Add potatoes, cook and stir until golden brown and tender. Stir in parsley, garlic, salt and pepper. With back of a spoon, make four wells in the potato mixture, break two eggs into each well.Bake until egg whites are completely set and yolks begin to thicken but are not hard, 9-11 minutes. Sprinkle with cheese, bake until cheese is melted, 1 minute.;potatoes;bacon;cheese;eggs
Ravioli with Peas;In a small pan, heat butter or olive oil over medium-low to medium heat. Add garlic and cook for approximately 1 minute or until soft and fragrant, do not let garlic brown. Remove pan from heat and set aside, do not discard butter or oil! This will be used when tossing the pasta.In a large pot, bring 6 cups of water to a boil. Add ravioli and boil for two minutes or according to package’s directions. Drain and return to large pot. Immediately toss with garlic butter mixture, peas, and Parmesan.;pasta;milk;cheese;peas
Greek Yoghurt Blueberry Muffins;Preheat oven to 190 C / 170 C Fan / Gas 5. Line a 12 hole muffin tin with muffin cases.Sift the flour, baking powder, bicarbonate of soda and salt into a large bowl.In a second bowl, place the eggs, sugar, yoghurt, butter and vanilla into a bowl and beat until blended.Add the egg mix to the flour along with the frozen blueberries. Use a rubber spatula or metal spoon to fold the mixture until just combined. Do not overmix - the mixture will not be smooth. Divide the mixture between the 12 muffin cases and sprinkle over some sugar and cinnamon.Bake for 12 to 15 minutes, or until a skewer inserted comes out clean.;eggs;milk;berry;flour
Whole Grain Waffles;Preheat your iron while you make the waffle batter.Whisk together the flour, baking powder, salt, and sugar.In a separate bowl, whisk together the egg, milk, and butter or oil. Mix together the wet and dry ingredients, stirring just until combined. The batter will be a bit lumpy;eggs;milk;flour
Hot Chocolate;Boil mil.Stir in cocoa and sugar.;milk;cocoa
Chocolate Mousse;Put the chocolate, butter and 75ml warm water (see tip, below) in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of barely simmering water. Push the chocolate and butter gently into the warm water with a wooden spoon to help it melt, but avoid stirring too much. Once three-quarters of the butter and chocolate is melted, remove the bowl from the heat. Stir until melted, smooth and glossy. Set aside until lukewarm.Working quickly, use a spatula to stir the egg yolks into the chocolate mixture, one at a time. In a separate bowl, use an electric whisk to whip the egg whites to soft peaks, then gradually add the sugar, whisking.;eggs;milk;flour;butter;chocolate
Stuffed Potatoes with beans;Boil potatoes.Open them, put beans and bake for ten minutes on 200C. Put cheese on top and bake for 5 minutes more until cheese is melted.;beans;cheese;potatoes
Crispy Chicken with Kale;Combine coriander, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Sprinkle evenly over both sides of chicken. Heat a large cast-iron or other ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add oil to pan, swirl to coat. Add chicken to pan, skin side down. Cook 8 minutes or until skin is lightly browned, remove chicken from pan.Add onion, garlic, and remaining 1/4 teaspoon each salt and pepper to drippings in pan, cook 3 minutes or until onion is softened. Add half of kale, cover and cook 2 minutes or until lightly wilted. Stir and add remaining kale, cover and cook 2 minutes or until lightly wilted. Stir. Add chickpeas and top with chicken, skin side up.Bake, uncovered, at 450°F until a thermometer inserted into chicken registers 165°F, 10 to 12 minutes.;chicken;kale
Gnocchi and sweet potatoes;Bring a large saucepan of salted water to a boil. Add sweet potatoes and cook until tender, about 8 minutes. Drain and set aside.Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet over medium-high. Add garlic and sage, cook until golden and fragrant, about 1 minute. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to a paper towel. Add gnocchi to skillet and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 3 minutes. Add sherry and cook until reduced by half, about 2 minutes. Add stock, salt, and pepper and cook until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Add sweet potatoes and remaining 3 tablespoons butter, swirling until butter is melted.;potatoes;gnocchi
Shepherd's Pie;In a large sauté pan over medium-high heat, heat the oil, then add the onion, carrot, and meat. Cook until browned, 8 to 10 minutes.Drain the fat and add the broth, tomato paste, and herbs. Simmer until the juices thicken, about 10 minutes, then add the peas.Pour the mixture into a 1 1/2-quart baking dish, set aside.Meanwhile, bring the potatoes to a boil in salted water. Cook until tender, about 20 minutes, drain.Mash the potatoes with the butter, milk, and salt.Spread them over the meat mixture, then crosshatch the top with a fork.Bake until golden, 30 to 35 minutes.;beef;potatoes;pastry
Lemon Red Potatoes;Cut a strip of peel from around the middle of each potato. Place potatoes and water in a 3-qt. slow cooker. Cover and cook on high until tender, 2-1/2 to 3 hours (do not overcook), drain.In a small bowl, combine the butter, parsley, lemon juice and chives. Pour over the potatoes and toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper.;potatoes;lemon
Thai Chicken;Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.To make the sauce, whisk together chili sauce, soy sauce, garlic, fish sauce, ginger, lime juice and Sriracha in a small bowl, set aside.Melt butter in a large oven-proof skillet over medium high heat. Add chicken, skin-side down, and sear both sides until golden brown, about 2-3 minutes per side. Stir in chili sauce mixture.Place into oven and roast until completely cooked through, reaching an internal temperature of 165 degrees F, about 25-30 minutes.Then broil for 2-3 minutes.;chicken;noodles;eggs
Italian Vegetable Soup;Gently cook the onion, carrots and celery in the oil in a large saucepan for 20 mins, until soft. Splash in water if they stick. Add the sugar, garlic, purée, herbs and courgettes and cook for 4-5 mins on a medium heat until they brown a little.Pour in the beans, tomatoes and stock, then simmer for 20 mins.;carrot;onion;noodles;broth
Blueberry Pie;Make the filling. Roll out the chilled pie dough.Arrange the lattice.Lightly brush the top of the pie crust with the egg/milk mixture. Sprinkle the top with a little coarse sugar, if desired.Place the pie onto a large baking sheet and bake for 20 minutes. Keeping the pie in the oven, turn the temperature down to 350°F (177°C) and bake for an additional 25-30 minutes.;flour;eggs;berry;sugar;milk
Chocolate Pudding;Preheat the oven to 190°C/375°F/Gas Mark 5. Grease four ovenproof cups or ramekin dishes with softened butter.Place the chocolate and butter in a heatproof bowl (add a pinch of chilli here if you want a spicy chocolate middle) set over a pan of simmering water and leave until melted. Remove from the heat and stir until smooth.Whisk the eggs, sugar and vanilla extract in a bowl using an electric whisk until very thick and pale. Fold in the chocolate mixture. Sift over the flour and fold in gently.Divide the mixture between the cups or ramekins.Place on a baking tray and bake for 12-15 mins until risen and almost set – the puds should still have a slight wobble to the touch. Serve immediately.;milk;sugar;starch
Home fries;Boil the potatoes a few minutes until they are tender enough to poke with a fork.Heat some butter (or better yet, bacon grease!) and cook the onions until tender.Season the potatoes with seasoned salt and pepper and add to the pan.Cook until crispy and golden brown.;potatoes
Lentil Soup;Heat the stock in a large pan and add the lentils. Bring back to the boil and allow the lentils to soften for a few mins. Add the carrots and leeks to the lentils and season (don't add salt if you use ham stock as it will make it too salty). Bring to the boil, the reduce the heat, cover and simmer for 45-60 mins until the lentils have broken down. Scatter over the parsley and serve with buttered bread, if you like. ;lentils;carrot;onion
Ham & Potato Soup;Heat the butter in a pot over medium heat. Sauté the onion, carrots, celery until beginning to soften (about 4 minutes).Add the ham and potatoes, cook for 2 minutes, then add the garlic and sauté until fragrant (about 30 seconds).Mix the flour through and cook for 2 minutes.Stir in stock and bouillon, mixing all ingredients together. Increase heat and bring to a boil until potatoes are 'just' fork tender, about 10-12 minutes.Reduce heat to medium-low, add the milk and stir over the heat until thickened (about 5 minutes).;potatoes;ham;onion;milk
BBQ Lentils;Add lentils and water to pot. Simmer about 25 minutes until tender, but not mushy.Check them often and make sure to take them off heat and drain as soon as they are tender. Pour back into the pot and set aside.Meanwhile, in another pot, add carrots, onion and garlic, cover with water by an inch or two and simmer until tender...about 15-20 minutes. (It may take a few minutes less or more depending on how small or large you cut the veggies).When veggies are tender, drain and add to high speed blender along with vinegar, molasses, maple syrup, mustard powder, liquid smoke, chili powder, ginger and clove. Puree until smooth.Pour the sauce over the cooked lentils and stir to combine.;lentils;rice;BBQ sause
Vegetable Noodle Soup;In a large saucepan, heat the chicken stock and bring to a boil.Add the green onions, Bok Choy or Chinese greens, soy sauces, oyster sauce & the noodles.Reduce the heat and cook according to noodle package instructions (just until tender).Serve hot;carrot;noodles;eggs
Pretzel Sticks;Placeholder;eggs;flour;yeast
Sugar Cookies;Placeholder;flour;eggs;butter;sugar
Potato Curry;Placeholder;potatoes;rice;pepper
Root Vegetables;Placeholder;potatoes;onion;carrot;parsnips
Buckwheat carrot and onion;Placeholder;buckwheat;carrot;onion
Sweet Potatoes with Yoghurt and Chickpeas;Placeholder;chickpeas;potatoes;yoghurt;eggs
Chickpea Masala;Placeholder;chickpeas;flour;yoghurt;eggs
Quinoa Brussels Potato Salad;Placeholder;quinoa;brussels sprouts;potatoes
Thai Peanut Cabbage Quinoa;Placeholder;quinoa;cabbage;peanut
Soy Mustard Salmon;Placeholder;salmon;soy sauce;mustard;garlic;ginger
Potato  Burritos;Placeholder;potatoes;onion
Pad Thai;Placeholder;potatoes;noodles
Mediterranean Tuna Steaks;Placeholder;tuna;capers
Tomato Basil Soup;Placeholder;tomato;basil
Sweet Potato Lentil Curry with Pickled Onion;Placeholder;potatoes;onion;lentils;ginger;milk
Sardine Mediterranean Pasta;Placeholder;sardine;capers;lemon;parsley
Dill Cucumber Salmon;Placeholder;fish;yoghurt;cucumber;dill;onion
Vegetable Couscous;Placeholder;couscous;onion;carrot
